the parish shock art call also
general morals is an important
Canarian settlement that keeps
jealously the traditions and
cultural manifestations of their
ancestors and that come up in a
of the four biggest celebrations that
collects the calendar of culture
Andean
one of the important celebrations of
year is the training or known evening
also as taita carnival character
mythical that descends from the huacas of
height considered as spaces
sacred religiosity
ancestral to travel the community
fight battles participate in the
ritual banquets eat of them and
bring the best delicacies in their
piercings
the comuneros who arrive at the center
populated by art shock from potrerillos
ramos hills to toucan gogh bread and
peppermint top of pampa among others
they started the welcome ritual
singing the own rhythms and melodies
of your culture
Who
the long journey starts with the
visit to the first inn prepared by
the residents of the parish center of
their position they receive visitors and
they offer a banquet of their own delicacies
of the area accompanied by chicha
of jora and the brandy
better than me
the carnivals both men and
women to the rhythm of the box and the
pingullo accompanied by verses
sung in their native language continue
the tour visiting in its wake the
different inns prepared by the
comuneros with a variety of products
as civil potatoes
pepa de sambo sweet donuts mote that
it follows sweet potato fruits and a diversity of
meat
so the day goes by traveling
inhospitable roads passing rivers and
gorges climbing mountains and
supporting the wasteland of the time
winter until you concentrate on the
my community saloma it all
comuneros give free rein to the
Carnival celebration with dances
dances couplets and a diversity of dishes
typical that they share with
companions
in this way the communities and peoples
of lurín cañar each year give life to the
cultural traditions that they inherited from
so many yearning that you're
demonstrations are growing from
generation to generation and keep alive the
identity of a people that resists
disappear
they owe me
Y
why
i